Add information about accessing the Topics API model file and colab (#3244)
GoogleChrome/developer.chrome.com: site/en/docs/privacy-sandbox/topics/index.md

{% Img src="image/80mq7dk16vVEg8BBhsVe42n6zn82/SOTuE2ljC55PaYll1UP1.png",
  alt="Screenshot of chrome://topics-internal page with Classifier panel selected.",
  width="800", height="695" %}
  
{% Aside %}
The current implementation of the Topics API infers topics from hostnames only: not any other part
of a URL.

Use hostnames only (without protocol or path) to view inferred topics from the
`chrome://topics-internals` Classifier. `chrome://topics-internals` will display an error if you
attempt to include a  "/" in the Host field.
{% endAside %}
 
#### Access the tflite classifier model file {: #access-tflite-file}

The **Classifier** tab of the `chrome://topics-internals` page also provides the file path for the tflite 
model used by the Topics API. 

{% Img src="image/80mq7dk16vVEg8BBhsVe42n6zn82/txujKqPgnQdbwmTfdPZT.png", 

>   alt="Screenshot of chrome://topics-internal page with Classifier panel selected and tflite file path highlighted.", 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  alt="The chrome://topics-internal page with the Classifier panel open. The tflite file path is highlighted, listed under Model file path.", 
```

  width="800", height="696" %}

You can download the file and load the model with the [Topics Model Execution Demo colab](https://colab.sandbox.google.com/drive/1hIVoz8bRCTpllYvads51MV7YS3zi3prn). (A colab—or colaboratory—is a data 
analysis tool that combines code, output, and descriptive text into one collaborative document.) 

{% Img src="image/80mq7dk16vVEg8BBhsVe42n6zn82/OWOHUKsrvv7ZPtBP9i85.png", 

>   alt="Sceenshot of the Topics API Model Execution Demo colab.", 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  alt="The Topics API Model Execution Demo colab homepage.", 
```
